ATTRIBUTION.md, before:

# Icons

Vector Icons used throughout the site are taken from [Google Material Design Icons](https://material.io/icons/).

- **Fleets**: "Air Force Plane" Icon made by [Freepik](http://www.freepik.com) from [flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/air-force-plane_84987), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- **Research**: "DNA Strand" Icon made by [Freepik](http://www.freepik.com) from [flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/dna-strand_67903), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- **Resource: Food**: "Corn" Icon made by [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/) from [shareicon.net](https://www.shareicon.net/vegan-corn-healthy-food-food-and-restaurant-food-organic-diet-vegetarian-cereal-851723), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- **Resource: Research**: "Nuclear" by Mike Rowe, AU from [the Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/term/nuclear/75368/), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- **Weapontypes**: `missile`, `laser`, `plasma`, `railgun` by [Nizamettin Kocaaga](http://www.effectdesign.de/). Used with explicit permission.
- **Shipyard**: "Defense Satellite" by [Delapouite](http://delapouite.com/) from [game-icons.net](http://game-icons.net/delapouite/originals/defense-satellite.html), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- **PDU**: "Satellite" by [Hea Poh Lin from the Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- **Jumpdrive**: "Black Hole" from [Focus Lab, US](https://thenounproject.com/term/black-hole/547869/), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)

# Game Header Images 
are Hubble Images taken from the [Hubblesite](http://hubblesite.org/images/gallery). All Images are credited to STScI and are therefore in the public domain:
[http://hubblesite.org/about_us/copyright.php](http://hubblesite.org/about_us/copyright.php)

- [Orion Nebula](http://hubblesite.org/image/3999/gallery) (empire)
- [Galaxy M106](http://hubblesite.org/image/3143/news/91-astronomical) (fleets)
- [Supernova 1987A](http://hubblesite.org/image/3987/gallery) (shipyards)
- [Carina Nebula](http://hubblesite.org/image/2099/news_release/2007-16) (research)
- [Spiral Galaxy M74](http://hubblesite.org/image/2210/category/37-spiral-galaxies) (starchart)
- [The Bubble Nebula](http://hubblesite.org/image/3849/wallpaper) (diplomacy)
- [Celestial Fireworks in Westerlund 2](https://hubblesite.org/image/4667/gallery) (messages)

# Planets

- [terrestrial](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Terrestrial_planet_sizes.jpg): Earth, Image from NASA
- [gas](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Polyphemus_planet.jpg): Jupiter Image from NASA, retouched to look like Polymephus.
- [ice](https://opreadorin1.deviantart.com/art/Ice-Planet-578848592): Ice Planet from DeviantArt user [opreadorin1](https://opreadorin1.deviantart.com/).
- [iron](https://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA01299) Jupiter Moon `Europe`, Image fron NASA/JPL/DLR 
- [desert](https://www.jpl.nasa.gov/spaceimages/details.php?id=PIA02653) Mars, Image from NASA/JPL/MSSS
- [toxic](https://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA01299) Jupiter Moon `Io`, Image fron NASA/JPL/DLR
- [carbon](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Terrestrial_planet_sizes.jpg): Venus, Image from JPL
- [tomb](https://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA01299) Jupiter Moon `Callisto`, Image fron NASA/JPL/DLR

# Other Images and Icons

- [Background circuit board](http://www.heropatterns.com/) by Steve Schoger from [heropatterns.com](https://www.heropatterns.com), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
- Tons of [Material Design Icons](http://material.io/icons/), licensed by [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

basic scaffolding for encounters area

ATTRIBUTION.md, after:

# Icons

Vector Icons used throughout the site are taken from [Google Material Design Icons](https://material.io/icons/). Some exeptions are -

- **Fleets**: "Air Force Plane" Icon made by [Freepik](http://www.freepik.com) from [flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/air-force-plane_84987), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- **Research**: "DNA Strand" Icon made by [Freepik](http://www.freepik.com) from [flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/dna-strand_67903), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- **Resource: Food**: "Corn" Icon made by [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/) from [shareicon.net](https://www.shareicon.net/vegan-corn-healthy-food-food-and-restaurant-food-organic-diet-vegetarian-cereal-851723), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- **Resource: Research**: "Nuclear" by Mike Rowe, AU from [the Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/term/nuclear/75368/), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- **Weapontypes**: `missile`, `laser`, `plasma`, `railgun` by [Nizamettin Kocaaga](http://www.effectdesign.de/). Used with explicit permission.
- **Shipyard**: "Defense Satellite" by [Delapouite](http://delapouite.com/) from [game-icons.net](http://game-icons.net/delapouite/originals/defense-satellite.html), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- **PDU**: "Satellite" by [Hea Poh Lin from the Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- **Jumpdrive**: "Black Hole" from [Focus Lab, US](https://thenounproject.com/term/black-hole/547869/), licensed by [Creative Commons BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)

You can find out where each icon comes from by checking the corresponding image file in the [icons](resources/src/icons) folder.


# Game Header Images 
are Hubble Images taken from the [Hubblesite](http://hubblesite.org/images/gallery). All Images are credited to STScI and are therefore in the public domain:
[http://hubblesite.org/about_us/copyright.php](http://hubblesite.org/about_us/copyright.php)

- [Orion Nebula](http://hubblesite.org/image/3999/gallery) (empire)
- [Galaxy M106](http://hubblesite.org/image/3143/news/91-astronomical) (fleets)
- [Supernova 1987A](http://hubblesite.org/image/3987/gallery) (shipyards)
- [Carina Nebula](http://hubblesite.org/image/2099/news_release/2007-16) (research)
- [Spiral Galaxy M74](http://hubblesite.org/image/2210/category/37-spiral-galaxies) (starchart)
- [The Bubble Nebula](http://hubblesite.org/image/3849/wallpaper) (diplomacy)
- [Celestial Fireworks in Westerlund 2](https://hubblesite.org/image/4667/gallery) (messages)
- [Star-birthing Region in the Orion Nebula](https://hubblesite.org/image/3909/printshop) (encounters)

# Planets

- [terrestrial](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Terrestrial_planet_sizes.jpg): Earth, Image from NASA
- [gas](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Polyphemus_planet.jpg): Jupiter Image from NASA, retouched to look like Polymephus.
- [ice](https://opreadorin1.deviantart.com/art/Ice-Planet-578848592): Ice Planet from DeviantArt user [opreadorin1](https://opreadorin1.deviantart.com/).
- [iron](https://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA01299) Jupiter Moon `Europe`, Image fron NASA/JPL/DLR 
- [desert](https://www.jpl.nasa.gov/spaceimages/details.php?id=PIA02653) Mars, Image from NASA/JPL/MSSS
- [toxic](https://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA01299) Jupiter Moon `Io`, Image fron NASA/JPL/DLR
- [carbon](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Terrestrial_planet_sizes.jpg): Venus, Image from JPL
- [tomb](https://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA01299) Jupiter Moon `Callisto`, Image fron NASA/JPL/DLR

# Other Images and Icons

- [Background circuit board](http://www.heropatterns.com/) by Steve Schoger from [heropatterns.com](https://www.heropatterns.com), licensed under [Creative Commons BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
- Tons of [Material Design Icons](http://material.io/icons/), licensed by [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons/blob/master/LICENSE)
